feat: make `handleFetch` a shared hook (#13755)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

}
```

#### on the client

This function allows you to modify (or replace) `fetch` requests that happens on the client.

> This allows, for example, to pass custom headers to server when running `load` or `action` function on the server *(inside a `+page.server.ts` or `+layout.server.ts`)*, to automatically includes credentials to requests to your API or to collect logs or metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, you can add custom headers to the request before it reaches a `load` or `action` function on the server (inside a `+page.server.ts` or `+layout.server.ts` file). This enables you to automatically include credentials for requests to your API or to collect logs and metrics.
```
